Previously on X-Men...
Magneto just declared war
on the whole planet.
His day ends one way.
-The brave always die first.
-Logan.
This feud is over.
Jean...
It turns out the adamantium
was the tape keeping
this banged up grunt together.
So much for home sweet home.
I don't know what you're planning. Logan.
and frankly don't want to know.
But as a friend.
you can't go after these guys alone.
Don't worry your pretty feathers. Cap.
I got myself a crew.
Could even say I'm getting
the old band back together.
So I pumped 210% efficiency
into my right arm.
and I figure.
that's more than enough juice
to pound through his thick skull.
so I swing.
Boom! Boom!
But he doesn't go down.
Can you believe it?
So instead.
I introduce him to my other friends...
Pow! Pow! Pow!
Oh. he stayed down.
Stupid boys and stupid guns.
Got the real guns right here. lady.
Keep it friendly. friends.
Remember why we're here.
Yeah. Excited to bury Dr. Cornelius
and the trash bags
that made us mindless killing machines.
Oorah!
Just like old times. sir.
Band's back together.
Quite the crew you pulled together.
Where are we going?
My intel says Weapon X scum has a new lab
conducting illegal experiments again.
Who better to stop them
but the hit squad who hits hardest?
So to review.
Maverick and Kane
are old Weapon X bosom buddies
you and Yuriko used to date. which...
Yeesh. thought you and Jean
were unhealthy.
You and Sabretooth hate each other.
can't seem to live without each other.
A classic "will they or won't they
kill each other."
Can't wait to add to the memories.
Don't recall twisting your arm.
You tried a few puppy dog looks and...
What the hell's a puppy dog look?
An innocent gaze.
dripping with subtextual guilt.
What's your deal. putty boy?
You got beef with Weapon X.
or are you just
the hairy runt's little X-pet?
Only pet here is whatever
that flea-riddled outfit of yours was
before it got road killed.
Don't you talk about my damn outfit.
Huh?
We're hit! We're hit!
Pull up! Pull up!
Hang on. everybody. hang on!
-We're going down!
-Brace. brace. brace for impact!
Logan?
Logan!
Oh. man.
Logan? Anybody?
Status report?
I think I found
our nasty culprit.
No match for a flock of birds.
Bodes well.
Let's find the rest of the team.
Huh?
Hmm? Hmm.
Ain't you glad I've always
been better than you?
What happened to your pretty metal claws?
Don't worry about it.
Impossible.
The adamantium process cannot be reversed.
Ain't nobody's business but mine.
Nobody's business?
Stranded out here in the Arctic
with a bunch of lying mercs and killers.
You damn well bet
all your business is my business!
Hey. alphas.
Want to get back
to our regularly scheduled programming.
courtesy of your mad scientist?
These creatures appear to be infected.
Perhaps a contagion.
Smell ain't right either.
Never smelled anything
quite like this.
Hmm. Perimeter's been breached.
Looks like
something went down.
Let's go.
Local wildlife must have
busted their way inside.
Or clawed their way out.
Cornelius is around here somewhere.
Better find our punks
before I start gutting something.
Uh. before we go gutting.
should we maybe pause
and figure out
how we're getting back home?
Tackle one problem at a time.
We're here to do a job.
So the job's getting done first.
Maverick. what's this?
Life signs. six o'clock.
It's in the control room.
above the hydrogen core.
Vitals fading.
Poor Tomo. so loyal.
Ew!
When Logan told me Graydon Creed
was your kid. I couldn't see it.
but now... I can't unsee it.
Should've killed the little mistake
when I had the chance.
Doesn't look like
anyone made it.
Ah.
Stray dogs always slink back home...
sooner or later. Ha!
Well. I'll be. Dr. Cornelius.
Thief! You perverted
my father's work.
Whoa! Bad history. I get it.
Theme of the day.
But the guy's unarmed.
and he probably knows
how to get us out of here.
Hmm.
Professor Oyama's work. it's all junk.
Dead science. primitive.
Much like you mutants are
to the queen.
Uh-uh.
Four-eyes is mine!
Did I miss one of your jokes?
Oh. great.
What the...
Maverick. behind you!
This doesn't look
like local wildlife.
Get in here!
Hmm. Reports said
something fishy was going on.
Guess they redacted the bits about
the overgrown roaches.
You've basically smelled everything
there is to smell on the planet. Logan.
What are those things?
Caught a whiff of something similar once.
But these are different.
Different from anything
on this planet. at least.
Look at that. Yuriko.
Our second alien invasion.
Good news is.
this bunker's laced was adamantium.
Should keep 'em off
while we find another exit.
We gotta go deeper.
Are you dumb or crazy?
We need a way out.
Crazy is trying to outrun
these bugs on foot.
Morph and I will push
to the vehicle bay here.
Get some wheels.
But the bay doors ain't opening
until you clowns
reboot the generators in the server room.
Deeper is our way out.
You weren't there after the crash.
Who's to say you didn't suck face
with one of those things?
And now you're infected like Cornelius!
He could be under their thrall.
luring us into a trap.
Didn't see you after the crash either.
How do you know Wolverine was gone?
Were you watching us?
Maybe you're one of them.
Perhaps both are.
Look. there's a lot of
dead lab coats around.
Is it too big a stretch
to imagine Cornelius
injecting himself with alien DNA?
Hmm. No two X-Men go anywhere alone.
Tomo here comes with me.
Once Team X.
always Team X. right?
Yeah. right.
Ah!
You never answered Creed's question
on the helicopter.
What is your stake in our nightmare. Tomo?
What's up with this Tomo stuff?
Tomo is a magical shape-shifting fox.
from Japanese legend.
A loyal sidekick to a heroic samurai.
There was nothing Tomo wouldn't do.
No one he wouldn't become
to help the samurai on his adventures.
Unfortunately. it did not
work out well for Tomo.
Eh. quit your starin'.
Seen every war in my lifetime.
And I stopped counting birthdays at 200.
Key to surviving. keep up with technology.
Digital video disks.
Frankenstein had funding.
Peon tech.
I'd preferred Laserdisc.
Ah.
Meddlesome paradox.
as the broken pasts that made
each subject so quick to volunteer
also made them defective.
They always remembered.
despite countless memory wipes.
addicts to the very misery
they wished to flee.
and imprinted in areas of the psyche
we'd never be able to breach.
until our pet from outer space.
So much has been gleaned.
despite only acquiring one of these Brood.
Its brain structure suggests
the Brood are a hive species.
like ants or bees.
Each Brood is interlinked.
incapable of divergent thought or emotion.
a shared psyche possessed
of the basest instinct: survive.
Hmm.
Using its cranial fluids. in theory.
our serum should purge
even the most deeply seeded memories.
resulting in a total loss of identity
and. more importantly.
total obedience as weapons.
The serum works.
though using Earth insects
as physiological models
for alien species has resulted
in an unfortunate hiccup.
Like my colleagues. I. too. wonder
if a fully-transitioned subject
could be tamed.
never mind survive the adamantium process.
Concern for my staff's
well being outweighs such curiosity.
Hmm. Hardcore.
Geez. Could have at least
bought me a drink first.
Are you infected?
No.
One thing I can tell you. I was wrong.
Cornelius said the Brood
have one goal. survive.
And that means they're picky.
Mate up. not down.
That's why they're leaving bodies.
They only breed with the best.
And if there's one guy
who's the best at what they do...
We're overrun.
No! No! Stop. please!
Help! Help!
Hmm?
Wolverine. Maverick.
Where are you?
Don't worry. I'll protect you. sweetheart.
What the hell is Omega Red doing here?
Many times have the Russians tried
to replicate my father's work.
The KGB no doubt persists.
Huh. Should kill him.
Might be one of these breeds.
Brood. And last I checked.
Omega Red was undead.
Not sure you can be turned into a Brood
if your mutant power
basically makes you a zombie.
Where the hell are we anyway?
This don't look like no vehicle bay.
Oh! An adamantium chamber.
Game over.
That's it! It's game over!
Slow down. Where's Wolverine?
They kept coming from those vents.
just more and more.
And then Logan. he...
Come on. we have to go. now!
-We have to...
-Maverick. relax.
Oh. Wha...
Take that. you lyin' runt!
Huh?
We have to get out of here.
Wolverine.
You look as bad as I feel. comrade.
I was right.
Damn it! I was right.
Your boy was one of them things.
I knew it! Ah!
That's... That's not Logan.
Maverick is dead.
We must reach the transport bay
before we are too.
Amen. I'm out of here.
Hold up. We're not going anywhere
until we save Wolverine.
Hey. listen to me.
I said. "We're not going anywhere."
You must be infected
with one of those eggs.
or maybe it's worse.
And he's just got you this whipped.
He is beyond saving.
That monster in there.
that feral beast
that killed his friend Maverick.
That's the real Wolverine.
Now you see him.
That's not true.
Look where we found him. you dope.
He was in the adamantium chamber.
The opposite direction of the vehicle bay.
This had nothing to do
with taking down Weapon X.
He came here to get his claws back.
Fine! Maybe you're right. he lied to us.
Either way.
this doesn't end with Weapon X.
If unkillable Brood
with Wolverine's healing factor
get out into the world...
taking over Earth is week one.
Got a plan to go along with that speech?
Those DVDs we saw.
They said the Brood can't survive
the adamantium process.
But we know that Wolverine can.
So. you're saying
we give Logan what he wants?
Logan's healing factor should protect him
while the adamantium purges him
of the Brood's DNA.
How the hell are we gonna
lure him into the chamber?
I've got an idea.
Logan!
Oh. Logan!
Come on. soldier. Duty calls.
Hey. if you don't obey.
I'm gonna tell Jean.
How do you like that?
Gosh. she'll be angry.
She's gonna be so upset with you
that I'm just gonna have
to give her extra smooches tonight. Logan.
Jean... Jean... Jean!
Ooh.
Wolverine. I knew
you'd come to your senses
and listen to your superior.
Come on. big guy.
No. wait!
Time I put you down once and for all.
This isn't the plan.
I'm done with the plan.
Come now. Logan. back to your cage.
Logan. don't do this.
Don't make them right about you.
You're not a monster. You're my friend.
When Sinister took me over.
when he corrupted me.
you didn't leave me behind.
You came for me. tried to bring me back.
X-Men don't just cut and run.
and I won't either.
Logan!
Jean?
Turn it on! Hurry!
We have to... hold him!
I was restrained once.
but a living weapon such as myself
cannot be stopped!
Not even by these insects!
Wolverine's ally.
you too will die.
I was made by an empire.
to purify the world.
Now. I will kill Wolverine
and unleash these creatures upon Earth
to make an empire of my own!
I'm back. baby.
We've got to go. It's gonna blow!
Logan. now!
Fire it up! Fire it up!
Spit it out. bub.
If you're asking me to say it.
you don't need me to.
I ain't like you. Morph.
Some of us gotta be one thing.
And you're only what?
An animal with claws?
That's what I'm the best at being.
Doesn't that make you sad?
It makes me sad. Logan.